Changelog Mar 21 2025 (#449)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2025-03-21_general-fixes.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: General fixes
---
This release addressed several issues, including those affecting Client Sharing login, MFA and Organization-level Flag permissions, and form reCAPTCHA.

## Fixes

* Fixed an issue where, after a visitor submitted a file attachment through a from, Clients were unable to log in to CloudCannon using their Site password when following the link from the alert email.

> * Fixed an issue where, in some cases, users with the `org:settings:details:write` permission could edit the Multi-Factor Authentication and Oragnization-level Flags. You must be a member of the Owners Permission Group to edit these settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where users with the `org:settings:details:write` permission could edit the Multi-Factor Authentication settings for an Organization. You must be a member of the Owners Permission Group to edit these settings.
* Fixed an issue where only members of the Owners Permission Group could see the Organization-level Flags settings. Users with the `org:settings:details:write` permission should be able to edit these flags.
```
